# The Vatican Vergil
# Introduction
Illuminations were a way to bring together the meaning of a text through an image. Just like we have illustrations now, it paints a picture in our mind and helps us connect to what the author is trying to tell us. Iluminations were a common trend and generally incorperated into most texts in the 16th century. This would start off as a simple hand held drawing placed above the historical text so the reader already had a brief idea of what the text was going to tell them. The purpose of this strategy was the catch the readers attention. They would generally make the text neat and organized so it fit with their image. They would also write their title in larger letters to make it stand out. And finally, they would often write in red writing to make it stand out from the illumination. Illuminations have had a large impact in our marketing world today. This is a strategy that we continue to see and use because it is effective and attractice to audiences. Marketing strategies mail goal is to catch their audiences attention and Illuminations have been a proven strategy to do just this. 

# Why The Vatican Vergil?
The Vatican Vergil is one of the oldest lasting Illustrated manuscripts. It was created in Rome around 400 AD. Being one of the last surviving Illuminations, The Vatican Vergil was a first of its kind. This was the start of the illumination manuscripts era. 


Originally, you would only find Illuminated manuscripts in certain gospel books. Overtime as it gradually became more popular, they would illuminate complete bibles. In the Vatican Vergil image we see the text placed above and the image below. However, it is known for it's bright red surrounding becuase it seperates itself from the rest of the text. This took craftsmenship and images like the Vatican Vergil were only found belonging to people of wealth. As this design begane to become more popular, it hit larger market cities like Paris. As we look at the Vatican Vergil, there isn't emply space between text and image. After writing the text, they would use any empty space for illustrations, giving it a clean and organized look.
